Update schemas.mdx to include more detail around large documents (#580)
getditto/docs: docs/common/concepts/schemas.mdx

    }
```

This would translate to a document with a nested map `cars` where each car can be arbitrarily large.

```jsonc
{
  "name": "Susan",
  "age": 43,
  "cars": {
    "abc123": {
      "make": "Hyundai",
      "color": "red",
      "mileage": 13000
   },
    "def456": {
     "make": "Jeep",
     "color": "blue",
     "mileage": 34000
  }
}
```

> There are some significant problems with this approach. Larger documents cause replication to be slower when only using Bluetooth, or when on a poor internet connection. Ditto over Bluetooth LE typically
> synchronizes documents at a maximum speed of 20 kB/second. This means that a
> single document that is 250kb large could take 10 seconds (in the best case
> scenario) to synchronize for the first time between devices.
> 
> Ditto breaks a document into chunks, synchronize those parts over the mesh, and
> then reconstructs the document on the other side. Once the document has been
> reconstructed, it will be returned from the callback and can be rendered in the
> UI. This means that a user would see a loading spinner for 10 seconds. 
> 
> We recommend that instead, you split up large documents into smaller documents.  Documents should not be larger than 250Kb, and a warning will be printed to `stdout`. Any document that is larger than 5MB will not synchronize to other peers. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach results in slow replication performance as follows: 

- When internet connection is limited or when using only Bluetooth to sync across connected peers, the process of replicating documents that contain large amounts of data is slow. For instance, when using only Bluetooth LE to replicate a document of a typical size, the rate of replication is 20 KB per second maximum. Given this, a document of 250 KB or larger in size may require 10 seconds or more to replicate for the first time between peer devices.

- A slow replication rate results in a loading spinner being displayed to your end users until the replication process fully completes. This is due to the callback being unable to render the returned data; the end-to-end replication process requires that documents be broken down into smaller parts before being synced across the mesh, and then, until the client receives all of the smaller parts and then reconstructed, the document is not returned. 

Instead of using a single document to encode all of your large dataset, use a series of smaller documents. 

Note that if a document exceeds 250 KB in size, a `stdout` warning prints, and any documents larger than 5 MB will not sync to other peers. 
```
